40
physiology
how do organisms use enrgy? metabolic rate.
small animals require more enrgy/ weight than large animals 
what ae the four factors that vary energy expenditure? 46
what different types of animals have different distribution among those variables 46
47 what is torper? give an example of what daily and long term torpor looks like and an organism it occurs in. 
48 49 there are a few types of long term torpor. say the animals that under go it. what are the names of these types?
how do organisms cope with a changing environment?
56 defne and give an example of the combinations of poikilotherm, ecototherm, homeotherm, endotherm. 
does endotherm/ectotherm have anything to do with “warm blooded” or “cold blooded”?
explain the processes of radiation, evaporation, convection, and conduction. 
58 explain how thermoregulation works. what are the structures that help with this?
how does evaporative cooling work? 59
what behaviors help animals thermoregulate? 60
there are physiological changes that allow thermoregulation to occur. 61
explain vasodilation and vasoconstriction. 61
explain the process of countercurrent exchange. 
explain some methods of adjusting heat regulation 62



chapter 41

what are the 4 stages of food processing? 
what are 4 types of ingestion? explain each type. name an organism that does each type. 2 3 4 5 6 
what mollusk does suspension feeding?3
where are the two places digestion can occur? can you give an example of what organism does each type? 7
with animals with complete digestive systems, where does digestion occur? what are some examples? 8 
what are two types of extracellular digestion?  9
what places does mechanical digestion occur? 10
in chemical digestion, what types of enzymes occur? 12
what are other important chemicals? 12
where does chemical digestion occur? 12
in the mouth, what helps break down carbohydrates? 13
what causes fat breakdown in the mouth? 
what are the types of muscles that take food from mouth to belly? 14
missing slide 15
what are the epithelial cells of the stomach cells? 16
what types of secretions ae caused by these? 16
what are the four steps to chemical digestion in the stomach? know this cycle! 17




